.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Vb \" Begin verbatim text
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve \" End verbatim text
.ft R
.fi
..
.tr \(*W-
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.ie n \{\
.    ds -- \(*W-
.    ds PI pi
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\"  diablo 12 pitch
.    ds L" ""
.    ds R" ""
.    ds C` ""
.    ds C' ""
'br\}
.el\{\
.    ds -- \|\(em\|
.    ds PI \(*p
.    ds L" ``
.    ds R" ''
'br\}
.\"
.\" Escape single quotes in literal strings from groff's Unicode transform.
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.ie \nF \{\
.    de IX
.    tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.    nr % 0
.    rr F
.\}
.el \{\
.    de IX
..
.\}
.IX Title "IHMS-PRECONFIGURE 8"
.TH IHMS-PRECONFIGURE 8 "2012-07-28" "" "Sysconf"
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
ihms\-preconfigure \- let modules ask questions prior to their installation
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.Vb 1
\& ihms\-preconfigure [options] modulename
\&
\& ihms\-preconfigure \-\-ihms
.Ve
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBihms-preconfigure\fR lets PHP application modules ask questions before they are installed. It operates on a set of
modules, and all modules that use sysconf will have their config script run so they can examine the system and ask
questions.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-f\fR\fItype\fR, \fB\-\-frontend=\fR\fItype\fR" 4
.IX Item "-ftype, --frontend=type"
Select the frontend to use.
.IP "\fB\-p\fR\fIvalue\fR, \fB\-\-priority=\fR\fIvalue\fR" 4
.IX Item "-pvalue, --priority=value"
Set the lowest priority of questions you are interested in. Any questions with a priority below the selected priority
will be ignored and their default answers will be used.
.IP "\fB\-\-terse\fR" 4
.IX Item "--terse"
Enables terse output mode. This affects only some frontends.
.IP "\fB\-\-ihms\fR" 4
.IX Item "--ihms"
Run in ihms installer mode. It will expect to read a set of module filenames from stdin, rather than getting them as
parameters. Typically this is used to make ihms installer run ihms-preconfigure on all modules before they are
installed. To do this, add something like this to @prefix@/etc/ihms/installer.ini:
.Sp
.Vb 5
\& // Pre\-configure all modules before they are installed.
\& ihms.installer.preinstall = "ihms\-preconfigure \-\-ihms \-\-priority=low"
.Ve
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR" 4
.IX Item "-h, --help"
Display usage help.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
\&\fIsysconf\fR\|(7)
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
Laurent Declercq <l.declercq@nuxwin.com>
