.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Vb \" Begin verbatim text
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve \" End verbatim text
.ft R
.fi
..
.tr \(*W-
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.ie n \{\
.    ds -- \(*W-
.    ds PI pi
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\"  diablo 12 pitch
.    ds L" ""
.    ds R" ""
.    ds C` ""
.    ds C' ""
'br\}
.el\{\
.    ds -- \|\(em\|
.    ds PI \(*p
.    ds L" ``
.    ds R" ''
'br\}
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.ie \nF \{\
.    de IX
.    tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.    nr % 0
.    rr F
.\}
.el \{\
.    de IX
..
.\}
.IX Title "SYSCONF-COMMUNICATE 1"
.TH SYSCONF-COMMUNICATE 1 "2012-07-28" "" "Sysconf"
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
sysconf\-communicate \- communicate with sysconf
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.Vb 1
\& echo commands | sysconf\-communicate [options] [module]
.Ve
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBsysconf-communicate\fR allows you to communicate with sysconf on the fly, from the command line. The module
argument is the name of the PHP application module which you are pretending to be as you communicate with sysconf, and
it may be omitted if you are lazy. It reads commands in the form used by the sysconf protocol from stdin. For
documentation on the available commands and their usage, see the sysconf specification.
.PP
The commands are executed in sequence. The textual return code of each is printed out to standard output.
.PP
The return value of this program is the numeric return code of the last executed command.
.SH "EXAMPLE"
.IX Header "EXAMPLE"
.Vb 1
\& echo get sysconf/frontend | sysconf\-communicate
.Ve
.PP
Print out the value of the sysconf/frontend question.
.SH "WARNING"
.IX Header "WARNING"
This program should never be used from a maintainer script of a PHP application module that uses sysconf! It may however,
be useful in debugging.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
\&\fIsysconf\-loadtemplate\fR\|(1)
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
Laurent Declercq <l.declercq@nuxwin.com>
