.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Vb \" Begin verbatim text
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve \" End verbatim text
.ft R
.fi
..
.tr \(*W-
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.ie n \{\
.    ds -- \(*W-
.    ds PI pi
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\"  diablo 12 pitch
.    ds L" ""
.    ds R" ""
.    ds C` ""
.    ds C' ""
'br\}
.el\{\
.    ds -- \|\(em\|
.    ds PI \(*p
.    ds L" ``
.    ds R" ''
'br\}
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.ie \nF \{\
.    de IX
.    tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.    nr % 0
.    rr F
.\}
.el \{\
.    de IX
..
.\}
.IX Title "SYSCONF-SHOW 1"
.TH SYSCONF-SHOW 1 "2012-07-28" "" "Sysconf"
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
sysconf\-show \- query the sysconf database
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.Vb 3
\& sysconf\-show modulename [...] [\-\-db=dbname]
\& sysconf\-show \-\-listowners [\-\-db=dbname]
\& sysconf\-show \-\-listdbs
.Ve
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBsysconf-show\fR lets you query the sysconf database in different ways.
.PP
The most common use is \*(L"sysconf-show modulename\*(R", which displays all items in the sysconf database owned by a
given module, and their current values. Questions that have been asked already are prefixed with an '*'.
.PP
This can be useful as a debugging aid, and especially handy in bug reports involving a module's use of sysconf.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-\-db=\fR\fIdbname\fR" 4
.IX Item "--db=dbname"
Specify the database to query. By default, sysconf-show queries the main database.
.IP "\fB\-\-listowners\fR" 4
.IX Item "--listowners"
Lists all owners of questions in the database. Generally an owner is equivalent to a module name.
.IP "\fB\-\-listdbs\fR" 4
.IX Item "--listdbs"
Lists all available databases.
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
Laurent Declercq <l.declercq@nuxwin.com>
