.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Vb \" Begin verbatim text
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve \" End verbatim text
.ft R
.fi
..
.tr \(*W-
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.ie n \{\
.    ds -- \(*W-
.    ds PI pi
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\"  diablo 12 pitch
.    ds L" ""
.    ds R" ""
.    ds C` ""
.    ds C' ""
'br\}
.el\{\
.    ds -- \|\(em\|
.    ds PI \(*p
.    ds L" ``
.    ds R" ''
'br\}
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.ie \nF \{\
.    de IX
.    tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.    nr % 0
.    rr F
.\}
.el \{\
.    de IX
..
.\}
.IX Title "IHMS-RECONFIGURE 8"
.TH IHMS-RECONFIGURE 8 "2012-07-28" "" "Sysconf"
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
ihms\-reconfigure \- reconfigure an already installed module
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.Vb 1
\& ihms\-reconfigure [options] modules
.Ve
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBihms-reconfigure\fR reconfigures modules after they have already been installed. Pass it the names of a module or
modules to reconfigure. It will ask configuration questions, much like when the module was first installed.
.PP
If you just want to see the current configuration of a module, see \&\fIsysconf\-show\fR\|(1) instead.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-f\fR\fItype\fR, \fB\-\-frontend=\fR\fItype\fR" 4
.IX Item "-ftype, --frontend=type"
Select the frontend to use. The default frontend can be permanently changed by:
.Sp
.Vb 1
\& ihms\-reconfigure sysconf
.Ve
.Sp
Note that if you normally have sysconf set to use the noninteractive frontend, sysconf-reconfigure will use the dialog
frontend instead, so you actually get to reconfigure the module.
.IP "\fB\-p\fR\fIvalue\fR, \fB\-\-priority=\fR\fIvalue\fR" 4
.IX Item "-pvalue, --priority=value"
Specify the minimum priority of question that will be displayed. ihms\-reconfigure normally shows low priority questions
no matter what your default priority is. See \fIsysconf\fR\|(7) for a list.
.IP "\fB\-\-default\-priority\fR" 4
.IX Item "--default-priority"
Use whatever the default priority of question is, instead of forcing the priority to low.
.IP "\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\fR" 4
.IX Item "-a, --all"
Reconfigure all installed modules that use sysconf. Warning: this may take a long time.
.IP "\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-unseen\-only\fR" 4
.IX Item "-u, --unseen-only"
By default, all questions are shown, even if they have already been answered. If this parameter is set though, only
questions that have not yet been seen will be asked.
.IP "\fB\-\-force\fR" 4
.IX Item "--force"
Force ihms-reconfigure to reconfigure a module even if the module is in an inconsistent or broken state. Use with
caution.
.IP "\fB\-\-no\-reload\fR" 4
.IX Item "--no-reload"
Prevent ihms-reconfigure from reloading templates. Use with caution; this will prevent ihms-reconfigure from repairing
broken templates databases. However, it may be useful in constrained environments where rewriting the templates database
is expensive.
.IP "\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR" 4
.IX Item "-h, --help"
Display usage help.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
\&\fIsysconf\fR\|(7)
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
Laurent Declercq <l.declercq@nuxwin.com>
