.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Vb \" Begin verbatim text
.ft CW
.nf
.ne \\$1
..
.de Ve \" End verbatim text
.ft R
.fi
..
.tr \(*W-
.ds C+ C\v'-.1v'\h'-1p'\s-2+\h'-1p'+\s0\v'.1v'\h'-1p'
.ie n \{\
.    ds -- \(*W-
.    ds PI pi
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=24u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-12u'-\" diablo 10 pitch
.    if (\n(.H=4u)&(1m=20u) .ds -- \(*W\h'-12u'\(*W\h'-8u'-\"  diablo 12 pitch
.    ds L" ""
.    ds R" ""
.    ds C` ""
.    ds C' ""
'br\}
.el\{\
.    ds -- \|\(em\|
.    ds PI \(*p
.    ds L" ``
.    ds R" ''
'br\}
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el       .ds Aq '
.ie \nF \{\
.    de IX
.    tm Index:\\$1\t\\n%\t"\\$2"
..
.    nr % 0
.    rr F
.\}
.el \{\
.    de IX
..
.\}
.IX Title "SYSCONF-SET-SELECTIONS 1"
.TH SYSCONF-SET-SELECTIONS 1 "2012-07-28" "" "Sysconf"
.if n .ad l
.nh
.SH "NAME"
sysconf\-set\-selections \- insert new default values into the sysconf database
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.Vb 2
\& sysconf\-set\-selections file
\& sysconf\-get\-selections | ssh newhost sysconf\-set\-selections
.Ve
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
\&\fBsysconf-set-selections\fR can be used to pre-seed the sysconf database with answers, or to change answers in the
database. Each question will be marked as seen to prevent sysconf from asking the question interactively.
.PP
Reads from a file if a filename is given, otherwise from stdin.
.SH "WARNING"
.IX Header "WARNING"
Only use this command to seed sysconf values for modules that will be or are installed. Otherwise you can end up with
values in the database for uninstalled modules that will not go away, or with worse problems involving shared values. It
is recommended that this only be used to seed the database if the originating machine has an identical install.
.SH "DATA FORMAT"
.IX Header "DATA FORMAT"
The data is a series of lines. Lines beginning with a # character are comments. Blank lines are ignored. All other lines
set the value of one question, and should contain four values, each separated by one character of whitespace. The first
value is the name of the module that owns the question. The second is the name of the question, the third value is the
type of this question, and the fourth value (through the end of the line) is the value to use for the answer of the
question.
.PP
Alternatively, the third value can be \*(L"seen\*(R"; then the preseed line only controls whether the question is marked
as seen in sysconf's database. Note that preseeding a question's value defaults to marking that question as seen, so to
override the default value without marking a question seen, you need two lines.
.PP
Lines can be continued to the next line by ending them with a \*(L"\e\*(R" character.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.IX Header "EXAMPLES"
.Vb 2
\& # Force sysconf priority to critical.
\& sysconf sysconf/priority select critical
\&
\& # Override default frontend to readline, but allow user to select.
\& sysconf sysconf/frontend select readline
\& sysconf sysconf/frontend seen false
.Ve
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.IP "\fB\-\-verbose\fR, \fB\-v\fR" 4
.IX Item "--verbose, -v"
verbose output
.IP "\fB\-\-checkonly\fR, \fB\-c\fR" 4
.IX Item "--checkonly, -c"
only check the input file format, do not save changes to database
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
\&\fIsysconf\-get\-selections\fR\|(1)
.SH "AUTHOR"
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
Laurent Declercq <l.declercq@nuxwin.com>
